/*
	=========================================
	Ghostrider [GRG]' className extraction tool.
	=========================================
*/

How To Use This Tool.

1) Start Arma 3 with any mods for which you wish to extract class names.
2) Start the Eden Editor.
3) Open the testConfig.Altis mission.

You are now ready to generate the class names. The tools copy these to the clipboard. 
All you need to do to generate a list of classnames:
  - is select the tool for the category for which you want to generate lists of class names, 
  - Alt-Tab out of Arma, 
  - and paste the contents of the clipboard into a text editor such as notepad ++.
  
For each category (e.g., uniforms, weapons, vehicles) the tools will generate three types of lists:

- a list of class names in quotes, useful for putting together lists of items that are available through certain traders.
- pricelists formated in either Epoch or Exile format (which, of course need prices adjusted).
- a list suitable for addition to either the loot tables in Epoch or the loot table compiler in Exile.

You can determine which format of price list will be generated by changing GRG_mod in init.sqf.

Credits:
	The algorithm for extracting weapons class names is derived from one posted by KiloSwiss on EpochMod:
	https://epochmod.com/forum/topic/32239-howto-get-available-weapons-mod-independent/
	
License
	All the code and information provided here is provided under an Attribution Non-Commercial ShareAlike 4.0 Commons License.

	http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/		
	
	
	There is no charge to use these tools.
	You may modify any of the tools as you like.
	Please give credit to me and those listed above if redistributing modified code.
